Add content for VS Code and .NET CLI to tutorial (#1006)
dotnet/docs-aspire: docs/get-started/add-aspire-existing-app.md

---
title: Add .NET Aspire to an existing .NET app
description: Learn how to add .NET Aspire components, orchestration, and tooling to a microservices app that already exists.
ms.date: 05/28/2024
ms.topic: how-to
zone_pivot_groups: dev-environment
---

# Tutorial: Add .NET Aspire to an existing .NET app

> If you have already created a microservices .NET web app, you can add .NET Aspire to it and get all the features and benefits available to those who enabled .NET Aspire. In this article, you'll add .NET Aspire orchestration to a simple, pre-existing .NET 8 project. You'll learn how to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have already created a microservices .NET web app, you can add .NET Aspire to it and get all the features and benefits of .NET Aspire. In this article, you'll add .NET Aspire orchestration to a simple, pre-existing .NET 8 project. You'll learn how to:
```

1. To stop debugging, close the browser.

:::zone-end
:::zone pivot="vscode"

1. Start Visual Studio Code and open the folder that you just cloned.
1. Select the **Run and Debug** menu item, or press <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>D</kbd>.
1. Select the **create a launch.json file** link.

    :::image type="content" source="media/vscode-launch.json.png" lightbox="media/vscode-launch.json.png" alt-text="Visual Studio Code: Run and Debug create launch.json file.":::

1. Copy and paste the following JSON into this file and **Save**:

    ## [Unix](#tab/unix)

    ```json
    {
        "version": "0.2.0",
        "compounds": [
            {

>                 "name": "Rull all",

Author: ```suggestion
                "name": "Run all",
```

                "configurations": [
                    "Run products",
                    "Run store",
                ]
            }
        ],
        "configurations": [
            {
                "name": "Run products",
                "type": "dotnet",
                "request": "launch",
                "projectPath": "${workspaceFolder}/Products/Products.csproj"
            },
            {
                "name": "Run store",
                "type": "dotnet",
                "request": "launch",
                "projectPath": "${workspaceFolder}/Store/Store.csproj"
            }
        ]
    }
    ```

    ## [Windows](#tab/windows)

    ```json
    {
        "version": "0.2.0",
        "compounds": [
            {

>                 "name": "Rull all",

Reviewer: wut?

Author: ```suggestion
                "name": "Run all",
```
